1:"$Sreact.fragment"
2:I[34291,["/_next/static/chunks/3_cx_fp9ckmze.js","/_next/static/chunks/14mrh2-p_w84d.js","/_next/static/chunks/0uxp6qpo83knp.js","/_next/static/chunks/19092d6hn_ur8.js"],"default"]
6:I[97367,["/_next/static/chunks/3_cx_fp9ckmze.js","/_next/static/chunks/14mrh2-p_w84d.js"],"OutletBoundary"]
7:"$Sreact.suspense"
0:{"rsc":["$","$1","c",{"children":[["$","$L2",null,{"data":{"slug":"choicer-voicer","title":"The Choicer Voicer","heroLead":"The Choicer","heroAccent":"Voicer","eyebrow":"Archive game / Microphone party show","lede":"Allow the microphone, listen for the shape of a voice, perform the prompt, and turn each judged take into a controlled experiment rather than a contest of volume.","facts":["Microphone input","Custom voice packs","Local party play"],"marquee":"ALLOW THE MICROPHONE / LISTEN FIRST / PERFORM THE PROMPT / REVIEW THE TAKE / PROTECT YOUR VOICE","iframeSrc":"https://s.templeofthejackal.com/games/choicer-voicer/","iframeTitle":"Play The Choicer Voicer microphone party game online","playerLabel":"Microphone game player","playerFormat":"External browser edition","launchKicker":"YOUR VOICE OPENS THE SHOW","launchButton":"Enter the studio","contentNote":"Microphone permission is required. Protect your voice, respect recording consent, and use only audio you are allowed to use.","requiresMatureConfirmation":false,"playerFeatures":["No download","Microphone input","Voice impressions","Custom packs","Local multiplayer","Dub Mode"],"cover":{"src":"/choicer-voicer-logo.webp","width":1200,"height":675,"alt":"The Choicer Voicer microphone party game logo"},"images":[{"src":"/choicer-voicer-1.webp","width":1200,"height":675,"alt":"The Choicer Voicer game show studio"},{"src":"/choicer-voicer-2.webp","width":1200,"height":675,"alt":"The Choicer Voicer judging and performance screen"},{"src":"/choicer-voicer-3.webp","width":1200,"height":675,"alt":"The Choicer Voicer customization interface"},{"src":"/choicer-voicer-how-to-play.webp","width":1200,"height":675,"alt":"The Choicer Voicer microphone setup instructions"},{"src":"/choicer-voicer-how-toplay-1.webp","width":1200,"height":675,"alt":"The Choicer Voicer how to play guide"}],"introLabel":"Studio intake / 01","introTitle":"The show begins only after the invisible recording chain is ready","introParagraphs":["is a customizable party game in which vocal impressions become game-show performances. The mouse prepares the mode, pack, host, judges, studio, and contestants, but the microphone carries the central action. A useful first session therefore begins with permission and a clean ordinary-speech test rather than an ambitious character voice.","This Temple archive treats the game like an acoustic chamber. The player must understand which sound enters, where it travels, and how software responds before interpreting a score. Five local guide images, two videos, a long original essay, ten FAQs, and practical microphone notes keep performance advice separate from technical troubleshooting."],"features":[{"title":"Open the input gate","body":"Approve browser access and confirm the intended system microphone before a round."},{"title":"Listen before speaking","body":"Identify wording, cadence, pauses, pitch movement, emphasis, and emotional intent."},{"title":"Change one vocal quality","body":"Keep the prompt and setup stable while testing timing, pitch, or character energy."},{"title":"Respect the room","body":"Use comfortable volume, recording consent, and audio you have permission to include."}],"galleryLabel":"Studio evidence / 02","galleryTitle":"Five views of a voice-driven show","galleryIntro":"The supplied images document presentation, judging, customization, microphone setup, and the basic performance sequence.","galleryCaptions":[{"title":"The studio establishes the role","body":"Bright staging turns a microphone check into a public performance."},{"title":"Judges create theatrical pressure","body":"Their response is feedback for play, not a perfect measure of talent."},{"title":"Customization changes the cast","body":"Hosts, judges, contestants, menus, and studios can reshape tone."},{"title":"Permission comes before character","body":"A clean technical test prevents silence from being mistaken for poor acting."},{"title":"The loop remains readable","body":"Listen, perform, review, and repeat one deliberate change."}],"guideLabel":"How to play / 03","guideTitle":"Prepare the signal before performing the character","guideIntro":"A short diagnostic routine protects the session and makes later comparison useful.","guideSteps":[{"title":"Grant microphone access","body":"Launch the player and approve the browser request. Check the operating-system privacy panel and select the intended input device."},{"title":"Test ordinary speech","body":"Click inside the frame and say a normal sentence at conversational volume. Do not begin by shouting or using an extreme character voice."},{"title":"Study the prompt","body":"Listen once without speaking. Identify wording, rhythm, pauses, pitch direction, emphasis, and intention, then choose two features to reproduce."},{"title":"Review one changed take","body":"Keep distance and volume stable. Change only cadence, pitch, emphasis, or character energy so the next result answers a clear question."}],"videoLabel":"Screening room / 04","videoTitle":"The Choicer Voicer gameplay videos","videoIntro":"Two supplied videos show additional context for microphone performance, studio presentation, and play flow.","videos":[{"src":"https://www.youtube.com/embed/Meu2JO1z3Oo","title":"The Choicer Voicer gameplay video one","heading":"The studio in motion","body":"Preview the voice-centered game-show loop before granting microphone access."},{"src":"https://www.youtube.com/embed/513q8et-5_g","title":"The Choicer Voicer gameplay video two","heading":"A second performance view","body":"Watch another session perspective and note how prompts, delivery, and judging interact."}],"essayLabel":"Acoustic archive / 05","essayTitle":"Why The Choicer Voicer turns setup into part of performance","leadCaption":{"title":"A bright show can hide a closed microphone.","body":"The visible studio is only the final layer of a chain that begins in the player's physical room."},"essaySections":[{"title":"The Microphone Is the First Gate","paragraphs":["A player can reach the studio screen while the recording path remains closed by browser permission, operating-system privacy, or the wrong input device. The Choicer Voicer turns a familiar input device into the center of a social system. A prompt must be available, understood, performed, captured, and interpreted before the screen can respond. Each stage creates its own kind of uncertainty. A player may remember the words but miss the rhythm, perform clearly while the wrong device is selected, or create a funny take that an automated panel scores unexpectedly. The game becomes more enjoyable when these possibilities are separated rather than compressed into one mysterious result.","The Temple method treats the round like reading an inscription inside an echoing room. Begin with the stable marks: browser permission, system input, microphone distance, background noise, source clip, and ordinary speech level. Then identify what belongs to interpretation: cadence, pitch movement, pauses, emphasis, texture, and emotional intention. Preserve the technical baseline while changing one performance feature. This controlled comparison prevents a dramatic score from erasing the evidence that produced it.","The developer describes the project as early access with limited built-in content and reports of microphone failure on some audio setups. That warning belongs in any honest guide. A recording problem can make the game unplayable, so test before planning a group event. Custom content also creates responsibility: use files you created, licensed, or have permission to use; ask before capturing another person's voice; and avoid sharing unwanted recordings. Local multiplayer can host up to four performers, while the developer states that online multiplayer is not currently available."]},{"title":"A Voice Pack Is a Box of Prompts","paragraphs":["The current project is designed around customizable content, so preparing a small legal collection is part of entering the game rather than optional decoration. The Choicer Voicer turns a familiar input device into the center of a social system. A prompt must be available, understood, performed, captured, and interpreted before the screen can respond. Each stage creates its own kind of uncertainty. A player may remember the words but miss the rhythm, perform clearly while the wrong device is selected, or create a funny take that an automated panel scores unexpectedly. The game becomes more enjoyable when these possibilities are separated rather than compressed into one mysterious result.","The Temple method treats the round like reading an inscription inside an echoing room. Begin with the stable marks: browser permission, system input, microphone distance, background noise, source clip, and ordinary speech level. Then identify what belongs to interpretation: cadence, pitch movement, pauses, emphasis, texture, and emotional intention. Preserve a convincing performance intention while testing one technical variable. This controlled comparison prevents a dramatic score from erasing the evidence that produced it.","The developer describes the project as early access with limited built-in content and reports of microphone failure on some audio setups. That warning belongs in any honest guide. A recording problem can make the game unplayable, so test before planning a group event. Custom content also creates responsibility: use files you created, licensed, or have permission to use; ask before capturing another person's voice; and avoid sharing unwanted recordings. Local multiplayer can host up to four performers, while the developer states that online multiplayer is not currently available."]},{"title":"Listening Maps the Chamber","paragraphs":["Words, cadence, pitch direction, pauses, emphasis, texture, and intention form separate marks that can be studied before a take. The Choicer Voicer turns a familiar input device into the center of a social system. A prompt must be available, understood, performed, captured, and interpreted before the screen can respond. Each stage creates its own kind of uncertainty. A player may remember the words but miss the rhythm, perform clearly while the wrong device is selected, or create a funny take that an automated panel scores unexpectedly. The game becomes more enjoyable when these possibilities are separated rather than compressed into one mysterious result.","The Temple method treats the round like reading an inscription inside an echoing room. Begin with the stable marks: browser permission, system input, microphone distance, background noise, source clip, and ordinary speech level. Then identify what belongs to interpretation: cadence, pitch movement, pauses, emphasis, texture, and emotional intention. Preserve the technical baseline while changing one performance feature. This controlled comparison prevents a dramatic score from erasing the evidence that produced it.","The developer describes the project as early access with limited built-in content and reports of microphone failure on some audio setups. That warning belongs in any honest guide. A recording problem can make the game unplayable, so test before planning a group event. Custom content also creates responsibility: use files you created, licensed, or have permission to use; ask before capturing another person's voice; and avoid sharing unwanted recordings. Local multiplayer can host up to four performers, while the developer states that online multiplayer is not currently available."]},{"title":"Comfortable Volume Preserves Detail","paragraphs":["Shouting can clip the signal, increase room reflections, strain the performer, and make a recognizable impression harder to capture. The Choicer Voicer turns a familiar input device into the center of a social system. A prompt must be available, understood, performed, captured, and interpreted before the screen can respond. Each stage creates its own kind of uncertainty. A player may remember the words but miss the rhythm, perform clearly while the wrong device is selected, or create a funny take that an automated panel scores unexpectedly. The game becomes more enjoyable when these possibilities are separated rather than compressed into one mysterious result.","The Temple method treats the round like reading an inscription inside an echoing room. Begin with the stable marks: browser permission, system input, microphone distance, background noise, source clip, and ordinary speech level. Then identify what belongs to interpretation: cadence, pitch movement, pauses, emphasis, texture, and emotional intention. Preserve a convincing performance intention while testing one technical variable. This controlled comparison prevents a dramatic score from erasing the evidence that produced it.","The developer describes the project as early access with limited built-in content and reports of microphone failure on some audio setups. That warning belongs in any honest guide. A recording problem can make the game unplayable, so test before planning a group event. Custom content also creates responsibility: use files you created, licensed, or have permission to use; ask before capturing another person's voice; and avoid sharing unwanted recordings. Local multiplayer can host up to four performers, while the developer states that online multiplayer is not currently available."]},{"title":"The Judges Are Masks, Not Oracles","paragraphs":["Computer feedback creates game-show theater and useful comparison, but it cannot provide an objective verdict on acting talent. The Choicer Voicer turns a familiar input device into the center of a social system. A prompt must be available, understood, performed, captured, and interpreted before the screen can respond. Each stage creates its own kind of uncertainty. A player may remember the words but miss the rhythm, perform clearly while the wrong device is selected, or create a funny take that an automated panel scores unexpectedly. The game becomes more enjoyable when these possibilities are separated rather than compressed into one mysterious result.","The Temple method treats the round like reading an inscription inside an echoing room. Begin with the stable marks: browser permission, system input, microphone distance, background noise, source clip, and ordinary speech level. Then identify what belongs to interpretation: cadence, pitch movement, pauses, emphasis, texture, and emotional intention. Preserve the technical baseline while changing one performance feature. This controlled comparison prevents a dramatic score from erasing the evidence that produced it.","The developer describes the project as early access with limited built-in content and reports of microphone failure on some audio setups. That warning belongs in any honest guide. A recording problem can make the game unplayable, so test before planning a group event. Custom content also creates responsibility: use files you created, licensed, or have permission to use; ask before capturing another person's voice; and avoid sharing unwanted recordings. Local multiplayer can host up to four performers, while the developer states that online multiplayer is not currently available."]},{"title":"Local Multiplayer Is a Shared Ritual","paragraphs":["Up to four nearby players need assigned microphones, clear turns, suitable levels, and agreement about what may be recorded or shared. The Choicer Voicer turns a familiar input device into the center of a social system. A prompt must be available, understood, performed, captured, and interpreted before the screen can respond. Each stage creates its own kind of uncertainty. A player may remember the words but miss the rhythm, perform clearly while the wrong device is selected, or create a funny take that an automated panel scores unexpectedly. The game becomes more enjoyable when these possibilities are separated rather than compressed into one mysterious result.","The Temple method treats the round like reading an inscription inside an echoing room. Begin with the stable marks: browser permission, system input, microphone distance, background noise, source clip, and ordinary speech level. Then identify what belongs to interpretation: cadence, pitch movement, pauses, emphasis, texture, and emotional intention. Preserve a convincing performance intention while testing one technical variable. This controlled comparison prevents a dramatic score from erasing the evidence that produced it.","The developer describes the project as early access with limited built-in content and reports of microphone failure on some audio setups. That warning belongs in any honest guide. A recording problem can make the game unplayable, so test before planning a group event. Custom content also creates responsibility: use files you created, licensed, or have permission to use; ask before capturing another person's voice; and avoid sharing unwanted recordings. Local multiplayer can host up to four performers, while the developer states that online multiplayer is not currently available."]},{"title":"Dub Mode Opens a Longer Corridor","paragraphs":["Voiceover across a scene asks for sustained timing and character intention rather than one brief imitation scored in isolation. The Choicer Voicer turns a familiar input device into the center of a social system. A prompt must be available, understood, performed, captured, and interpreted before the screen can respond. Each stage creates its own kind of uncertainty. A player may remember the words but miss the rhythm, perform clearly while the wrong device is selected, or create a funny take that an automated panel scores unexpectedly. The game becomes more enjoyable when these possibilities are separated rather than compressed into one mysterious result.","The Temple method treats the round like reading an inscription inside an echoing room. Begin with the stable marks: browser permission, system input, microphone distance, background noise, source clip, and ordinary speech level. Then identify what belongs to interpretation: cadence, pitch movement, pauses, emphasis, texture, and emotional intention. Preserve the technical baseline while changing one performance feature. This controlled comparison prevents a dramatic score from erasing the evidence that produced it.","The developer describes the project as early access with limited built-in content and reports of microphone failure on some audio setups. That warning belongs in any honest guide. A recording problem can make the game unplayable, so test before planning a group event. Custom content also creates responsibility: use files you created, licensed, or have permission to use; ask before capturing another person's voice; and avoid sharing unwanted recordings. Local multiplayer can host up to four performers, while the developer states that online multiplayer is not currently available."]},{"title":"A Silent Take Is Technical Evidence","paragraphs":["The developer reports microphone compatibility problems on some setups, so patient diagnosis is more useful than repeating the same performance louder. The Choicer Voicer turns a familiar input device into the center of a social system. A prompt must be available, understood, performed, captured, and interpreted before the screen can respond. Each stage creates its own kind of uncertainty. A player may remember the words but miss the rhythm, perform clearly while the wrong device is selected, or create a funny take that an automated panel scores unexpectedly. The game becomes more enjoyable when these possibilities are separated rather than compressed into one mysterious result.","The Temple method treats the round like reading an inscription inside an echoing room. Begin with the stable marks: browser permission, system input, microphone distance, background noise, source clip, and ordinary speech level. Then identify what belongs to interpretation: cadence, pitch movement, pauses, emphasis, texture, and emotional intention. Preserve a convincing performance intention while testing one technical variable. This controlled comparison prevents a dramatic score from erasing the evidence that produced it.","The developer describes the project as early access with limited built-in content and reports of microphone failure on some audio setups. That warning belongs in any honest guide. A recording problem can make the game unplayable, so test before planning a group event. Custom content also creates responsibility: use files you created, licensed, or have permission to use; ask before capturing another person's voice; and avoid sharing unwanted recordings. Local multiplayer can host up to four performers, while the developer states that online multiplayer is not currently available."]}],"practicalLabel":"Microphone procedure / 06","practicalTitle":"Permission, input choice, stereo testing, consent, and vocal comfort","practicalCaption":{"title":"Do not troubleshoot by shouting.","body":"A louder performance can clip the signal and strain the player without repairing a blocked microphone."},"practicalParagraphs":["Press the launch button and allow microphone access only when the embedded player requests it. If no input appears, inspect the browser permission icon, operating-system privacy settings, selected microphone, and applications that may already hold the device. Click inside the iframe before testing again.","The developer notes known microphone compatibility reports, including some audio configurations. Test a basic stereo output arrangement when possible, but do not promise that one workaround will solve every device. Use an updated desktop browser for the clearest permission controls.","Start with a short familiar voice pack. The current project is designed for customization and may include limited built-in material. Keep source files organized and include only recordings whose use is permitted. A local tool does not grant copyright rights.","For group play, assign microphones, establish turn order, and ask before saving or sharing a voice. Up to four local players are described; online multiplayer is not currently available. Streamer-oriented features are separate from direct online play.","Protect the voice with conversational volume, hydration, short sessions, and breaks. Stop if the throat feels strained. A theatrical impression should come from timing and intention rather than painful loudness."],"faqTitle":"The Choicer Voicer FAQ","faqs":[["What is The Choicer Voicer?","It is a customizable microphone party game about performing vocal impressions in game-show formats."],["How do I play online?","Launch the player, allow microphone access, choose available content, listen to the prompt, and perform into the selected input."],["Why does it need microphone permission?","Voice is the central gameplay input, so browser and operating-system permission are required."],["Why is my microphone not recording?","Check site permission, system privacy, input selection, other apps using the mic, player focus, and a basic stereo configuration."],["What is a voice pack?","It is a set of audio prompts. Begin with familiar files you created, licensed, or have permission to use."],["How many people can play locally?","The published project page describes local multiplayer for up to four players."],["What is Dub Mode?","Dub Mode supports voiceover performances over scenes, emphasizing timing and sustained delivery."],["Does it have online multiplayer?","No. The developer states that online multiplayer is not currently available."],["Are judge scores perfectly accurate?","No. Treat them as playful comparative feedback rather than an objective assessment of talent."],["How do I protect my voice and privacy?","Use comfortable volume, take breaks, gain recording consent, and do not share unwanted voice files."]],"genres":["Party game","Voice impressions","Microphone game","Local multiplayer"],"schemaDescription":"Play The Choicer Voicer online and learn microphone setup, vocal impression basics, voice packs, Dub Mode, local multiplayer, troubleshooting, and recording safety."}}],["$L3","$L4"],"$L5"]}],"isPartial":false,"staleTime":300,"varyParams":null,"buildId":"J0HFKqeYnoRgkdS3F4-mt"}
3:["$","script","script-0",{"src":"/_next/static/chunks/0uxp6qpo83knp.js","async":true}]
4:["$","script","script-1",{"src":"/_next/static/chunks/19092d6hn_ur8.js","async":true}]
5:["$","$L6",null,{"children":["$","$7",null,{"name":"Next.MetadataOutlet","children":"$@8"}]}]
8:null
